1. Why is it important to #ifdef out methods and datastructures that aren’t used for different versions of randtrack? 

Those methods and datastructures will increase the size of the compiled object file, which results in a worse locality
of the instructions, and as a result, the program will run slower than expected and will give inaccurate results when
performing measurment. FIXME

2. Can you implement this without modifying the hash class, or without knowing its internal implementation?

We can implement this without modifying the hash class, but we have to know its internal implementation. We can create
an array of locks, where each lock is responsible for an element in the "entries" array, i.e. each lock corresponds to 
a list. The lock can be added in the randtrack file only, when the hashtable accessing its elements. However, to do so, we 
need to know how the hash class is implemented, especially how the hash index in computed (i.e. the impementation of 
HASH_INDEX macro).

3. Can you properly implement this solely by modifying the hash class methods lookup and insert? Explain. 

No, because the hash table is also modified outside the hash class, i.e. "s->count++" in randtrack, because the increment 
operation is not atomic, so we have to put this modification into the critical section as well to avoid the race condition.

4. Can you implement this by adding to the hash class a new function lookup and insert if absent? Explain. 

Yes we can, because this prevents the situation where multiple threads inserting the same element. However, other than the new
function needed to be in a critical section, the "s->count++" in randtrack sill need to be protected, as discussed in the previous
question.

5. Can you implement it by adding new methods to the hash class lock list and unlock list? Explain. 

Yes we can. By doing so we have a separate lock for each list, then we can use them in the randtrack file to ensure correct
behaviour. Other than that, we also need to initialize and free the locks in member function setup() and cleanup().

6. Ignored

7. What are the pros and cons of this approach?
Pros:
a. It helps to improve the performance when different threads working concurrently/in parallel because they do not need to worry about 
waiting for a lock on the critical section, so there will be no locking and unlocking overhead anymore.
b. It is easier to implement than using locks because developers do not need to worry about identifying critical sections or ensuring 
synchronization on critical sections. It is less likely to have data race than before.
c. As there is no critical section anymore, the program allows better scalability.
Cons:
a. Since each thread has a separate hash table, there will be much more memory used than before, adding a lot of memory overhead.
b. All hash tables need to be initialized in the begining (and cleaned up in the end), and be synchronized after threads finish their jobs, 
which adds performance overhead to the program.
c. Although threads may access hash tables with the same index or even elements with the same key values, as threads use different hash tables, 
the entries and elements will be stored in different cache lines, which reduces locality, and so the performance may drop down.

Measurement (in sec) with samples_to_skip set to 50
Original Randtrack: 6.702
Global-lock:
    1 Thread:       6.950
    2 Threads:      4.218
    4 Threads:      4.766
List-lock:
    1 Thread:       7.106
    2 Threads:      3.782
    4 Threads:      2.002
Element-lock:
    1 Thread:       7.018
    2 Threads:      3.760
    4 Threads:      2.000
Reduction Version:
    1 Thread:       6.708
    2 Threads:      3.394
    4 Threads:      1.700

8. For samples to skip set to 50, what is the overhead for each parallelization approach? Report this as the runtime of the parallel version with one 
   thread divided by the runtime of the single-threaded version. 

Overhead:
Global-lock:        6.950/6.702 = 1.037
List-lock:          7.106/6.702 = 1.060
Element-lock:       7.018/6.702 = 1.047
Reduction Version:  6.708/6.702 = 1.001

9. How does each approach perform as the number of threads increases? If performance gets worse for a certain case, explain why that may have happened. 

Except for Global-lock, all other parallelization approaches perform better as the number of threads increases because there are more threads 
working in parallel. However, for the Global-lock, although using 2 threads results in a better performance than 1 thread, increasing threads 
further more to 4 would not improve the performance anymore, instead there came some extra overhead to make the elapsed time longer. The reason 
is because this approach uses a coarse-grained global lock, so the lock gets contended evertime when there are more threads accessing the hash table at 
the same time. The elapsed time when using 2 threads is less than when using 1 thread is because the time spent by skipping samples got parallelized. However, 
when accessing the hash table, the threads were actually always waiting for each other and so the hash table modification would not be accelerated by the parallelization 
and became the bottleneck. Furthermore, when adding more threads, it brought in more overhead such as thread context switching or cache misses, which consumed 
more time than the acceleration in parallelizing sample skipping, resulting in an increased time overall. FIXME

10. Repeat the data collection above with samples to skip set to 100 and give the table. How does this change impact the results compared with when set to 50? Why? 

Measurement (in sec) with samples_to_skip set to 100
Original Randtrack: 13.132
Global-lock:
    1 Thread:       13.226
    2 Threads:      7.242
    4 Threads:      4.754
List-lock:
    1 Thread:       13.454
    2 Threads:      6.960
    4 Threads:      3.600
Element-lock:
    1 Thread:       13.368
    2 Threads:      6.918
    4 Threads:      3.588
Reduction Version:
    1 Thread:       13.106
    2 Threads:      6.620
    4 Threads:      3.332

As the number of skipping samples increased from 50 to 100, the elapsed time in all cases except when using Global-lock with 4 threads, became longer than before as it takes 
more time to skip the samples in all threads. For Global-lock with 4 threads, the elapsed time did not have significant improvement because the bottleneck, which is the hash table modification,
staied the same as before. Although each thread spent more time in sample skipping, after this is done, the thread still need to wait for the lock becoming available. Therefore,
the elapsed time in this case did not change much. However, when using Global-lock, the trend became different than when samples_to_skip=50, where the elapsed time became longer when number of threads 
decreases. The reason is because, when the number of threads is 1 or 2, there are no/less threads trying to acquire the same lock, resulting in less contension, so the hash table
modification is not the botteneck as opposite to 4-thread case, and the elapsed time was dominated by the increases samples_to_skip resulting in longer elapsed times.

11. Which approach should OptsRus ship? Keep in mind that some customers might be using multicores with more than 4 cores, while others might have only one or two cores. 

The OptsRus should ship the Reduction Version approach, as it has the smallest elapsed time when number of threads larger than one, which gives the best performance for users having more than
one core and the performance will have significant improvement than the Original Randtrack. For users having only one core, the elapsed time for Reduction Version staies similar as the Original 
Randtrack, because it does not use locking, resulting in less overhead. In comparison, the other locking approaches have more elapsed time than the original when thread=1, which will give the 1-core
users worse experience, resulting in user loss. Therefore, for users who only have one core, the Reduction Version approach will not give them performance drop down, so they will have the same 
experience than before.